have you guessed today's mystery
celebrity athlete its champion NASCAR
driver and fan favorite Kurt Busch
winner of the 2004 NASCAR Nextel Cup
championship but this champion didn't
try to use his star power to win over
his wife Eva they met on a blind date on
July 27th 2003 in a sports bar where
Kurt tried to pass himself off as a
veterinarian but his picture plastered
all over the TV screens pretty much blew
his cover exactly two years later the
two were engaged in Prague and were
married exactly one year after that on
July 27th 2006
the wedding took place in Eastvale
Virginia which is the Eastern Shore of
Virginia and that special place there is
special to my wife her mother and father
got married out there on the Eastern
Shore I couldn't quite talked her into
my home town which was Vegas first thing
that comes to mind is the Elvis
drive-through so we did it on the
Eastern Shore of Virginia and as the
perfect sight
that was her dream a Cinderella type
approach with horse-drawn carriage she
wanted two white horses and it turned
out to be perfect that Cinderella moment
where she comes in she's the bride-to-be
and just a perfect type scenario and all
of her dreams came true especially with
how she entered when Eva walked down the
aisle that was the most memorable part
of the wedding and what made it even
that much more impactful was when Dale
beaver the preacher had said remember
this moment because this is what she'll
look like when she's 80 I'm just seeing
her walk down the aisle it was if there
was a spotlight on her from God above
as everything was with our wedding I
wish I could have played it in slow-mo
which I've done a few times watching the
video
I enjoyed it just as much as she did and
all of the people that were there
commented on how they didn't feel stuffy
or they didn't feel congested or they
didn't have to feel uptight about the
wedding and that's the way we wanted our
guests to feel masks are really wasn't
incorporated into the wedding as far as
race cars or checkered flags or anything
of that type but to have NASCAR members
there
people that are in that NASCAR world
there's probably over 50 people whether
it was officials other drivers just
different people I've met in the walks
of life in NASCAR
so you could say a good chunk of the
people on my side of the the wedding
were from NASCAR I would say the
emotions of the day with her with me
were we're somewhat just playing it by
ear or letting it fall off your shoulder
and just wiping it off whether it was
the best man running around going
where's your tuxedo because your dad's
tuxedo was taken thinking that it was
yours so there was some of that that
went on during the wedding but all in
all everything went off without a hitch
I wanted to give her the world in this
wedding and I think she got that so it
really kicked off a great beginning to
our marriage
to see more of our exclusive interview
with Kurt Busch and to hear about other
star athletes weddings visit get married
calm